---
layout: post
category: newsletter
title: "dup test"
date: 2021-02-04

---


We have finally arrived home in California. It was a long year, for reasons beyond the obvious. The political-economic-social crises triggered by the pandemic hit a lot more close-to-home for everyday living in South America but, while tough at times, sticking it out in Argentina was an ironic blessing of an experience for someone who has traveled the world craving unique experiences since he was 18 years old.

At first I thought I would write a book of memoirs about the year there. Inspired by not only the multidimensional Argentine culture that I was affected by, but the pandemic itself demonstrated a side of that place that I could never have imagined even if I tried. Add to that being brand new parents, without our parents to guide and support us, lacking all control over our environment, and maybe you have an engaging story.

But the concepts of “books,” especially writing them, are so twentieth century. I’ve nostalgically written a few of them—the first installment of the “Post-Bohemian Chronicles” is on Amazon, that one is about my year teaching English in Bangkok; but all the others are stuck in purgatory after having written about 70% through). Truth be told my creative energy is currently a bit too scattered to engineer this story in the format of a book. I’m another millennial digital boy trapped in an endless swirl of distractions atop the usual challenges of making a living doing what I love, raising a child, being in a relationship, etc.

So I thought hell, let’s just make it a blog/newsletter for now and see where it goes. If I’ve learned anything from my mother in this lifetime, it’s that the process itself is the whole point of “creating” anyway, not the expectations of a final result. The intention here is to share the story with you folks, so instead of forcing a novel upon you, I’ll go 2020 on you and fill your inbox weekly, leave the comments section open, and answer questions in succeeding posts. This first message is your opt-in or opt-out moment, an introduction to what is to come. If you’re on this list by mistake, please accept my apologies and click the unsubscribe link.
 
From here on out, I’ll focus my words on single subjects with anecdotes like what Argentina can be like and the struggles I encountered as a North American, a couple experiencing their first pregnancy during a lockdown, crossing town for family dinners while evading trouble in a pandemic police state, entrepreneurship from abroad and getting money into one of the most financially closed-off countries in the world, cross-country road trips with a six-month-old for visits to the U.S. embassy, and a whole lot more. 
As a therapeutic act of reflection for me, I’ll share with you our story. As a storyteller and artist, I’ll embellish the text with pictures and videos as best as I can. And as someone wishing to connect with you reading this, I’ll receive your questions, comments, or anything else with open arms.